DOCS-1021: Adding helm information (#1060)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/deploy-operator-helm.rst

      NAME                                        DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
      replicaset.apps/console-68d955874d          1         1         1       25h
      replicaset.apps/minio-operator-699f797b8b   2         2         2       25h

#. (Optional) Enable NodePort Access to the Console

   You can enable :kube-docs:`Node Port <concepts/services-networking/service/#type-nodeport>` access to the ``service/console`` service to allow simplified access to the MinIO Operator.
   You can skip this step if you intend to configure the Operator Console service to use a Kubernetes Load Balancer, ingress, or similar control plane component that enables external access.

   Edit the ``service/console`` and set the ``spec.ports[0].nodePort`` and ``spec.type`` fields as follows:

   .. code-block:: yaml
      
      spec:
        ports:
        - name: http
          port: 9090
          protocol: TCP
          targetPort: 9090
          nodePort: 39090
      type: NodePort
   
   You can attempt to connect to the MinIO Operator Console by specifying port ``39090`` on any of the worker nodes in the deployment.

#. Retrieve the Console Access Token

>    The MinIO Operator uses a Java Web Token (JWT) saved as a Kuberentes Secret for controlling access to the Operator Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The MinIO Operator uses a JSON Web Token (JWT) saved as a Kubernetes Secret for controlling access to the Operator Console.
```

Author: *Every time I do the java thing*

   Use the following command to retrieve the JWT for login.
   You must have permission within the Kubernetes cluster to read secrets:

   .. code-block:: shell
      :class: copyable

>       kubectl get secret/console-sa-secret -n minio-operator -o json | jq -r ".data.token" | base64 -d -

Author: Hm. It works on Linux (for me). That should tell base64 to ingest from STDIN. But it looks like its not required so yeah axe it.
